improve WebAuthn auth w/ auto-modal on page load (#46960)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/authentication/passkeys.adoc

.Passkey Mediation options
[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
|Value |Behavior

|`conditional` (default)
|No dialog is shown on page load. Passkeys are offered only through the browser's autofill dropdown when the user focuses the username input field. This is the least intrusive option and corresponds to the <<_passkeys-conditional-ui,Conditional UI>> behavior. If the browser does not support conditional mediation, the behaviour is the same as `none`.

|`none`
|No automatic passkey action is taken on page load. The user can still authenticate using a passkey by clicking the *Sign in with Passkey* button. Use this option when you want passkeys to be available but prefer not to display any prompt automatically.

|`optional`
|A passkey selection dialog is shown automatically on page load. If the user dismisses the dialog, no fallback action is taken. Use this option when you want to invite the user to use a passkey without requiring them to do so.

|`required`

> |A passkey selection dialog is shown immediately on page load and the user must interact with it. There is no fallback. Use this option when you want to enforce passkey authentication at the point of the username form.

Reviewer: With the last commit, this seems a little bit confusing to me, especially the part "and the user must interact with it + There is no fallback". 

Would it be possible to be more explicit here? 

Something like: 

```suggestion
|`optional`
|A passkey selection dialog is shown automatically on page load. The browser may skip the prompt if no credentials are found. Use this to invite the user to use a passkey without strictly enforcing it.

|`required`
|A passkey selection dialog is shown immediately on page load. The user is forced to authenticate or manually dismiss the prompt to proceed. Use this when passkey verification is a mandatory requirement for the current action.
```

@dasniko WDYT?

Author: Happy to accept your changes, I'm not the best when it comes to documentation and finding the proper words.

|`silent`
|The browser attempts to authenticate without any user interaction or visible UI. Authentication fails silently if user interaction is required. This is intended for advanced scenarios and is unlikely to succeed for most passkey types.
|===

[NOTE]
====

> Browser support for `required` and `silent` mediation with passkeys varies. Refer to your target browser's documentation before relying on these values in production.

Reviewer 2: I want to emphasize we just pass the option. I want to link this part if people file issues. 😄 

```suggestion
The behavior of the `mediation` option, although defined in the specification, can vary between browsers and authenticators. {project_name} simply passes this option during the registration process. The actual final behavior is beyond its control. For example, the support for `required` and `silent` mediation are known to be different among browsers. Refer to your target browser's documentation before relying on these values in production.
```
